---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rubrik_aws_archival_location Data Source - terraform-provider-rubrik"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The rubrik_aws_archival_location data source is used to access information about an
  AWS archival location. An archival location is looked up using either the ID or the name.
---

# rubrik_aws_archival_location (Data Source)

The `rubrik_aws_archival_location` data source is used to access information about an
AWS archival location. An archival location is looked up using either the ID or the name.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Using the ID.
data "rubrik_aws_archival_location" "location" {
  id = "db34f042-79ea-48b1-bab8-c40dfbf2ab82"
}

# Using the name.
data "rubrik_aws_archival_location" "location" {
  name = "my-archival-location"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `archival_location_id` (String, Deprecated) Cloud native archival location ID (UUID). **Deprecated:** use `id` instead.
- `id` (String) Cloud native archival location ID (UUID).
- `name` (String) Name of the cloud native archival location.

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) RSC cloud account ID (UUID).
- `bucket_prefix` (String) AWS bucket prefix. Note, `rubrik-` will always be prepended to the prefix.
- `bucket_tags` (Map of String) AWS bucket tags.
- `connection_status` (String) Connection status of the archival location.
- `kms_master_key` (String, Sensitive) AWS KMS master key alias/ID.
- `location_template` (String) RSC location template. If a region was specified, it will be `SPECIFIC_REGION`, otherwise `SOURCE_REGION`.
- `region` (String) AWS region to store the snapshots in. If not specified, the snapshots will be stored in the same region as the workload.
- `storage_class` (String) AWS bucket storage class. Possible values are `STANDARD`, `STANDARD_IA`, `ONEZONE_IA`, `GLACIER_INSTANT_RETRIEVAL`, `GLACIER_DEEP_ARCHIVE` and `GLACIER_FLEXIBLE_RETRIEVAL`. Default value is `STANDARD_IA`.
