---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rubrik_gcp_permissions Data Source - terraform-provider-rubrik"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The rubrik_gcp_permissions data source is used to access information about
  the permissions required by RSC for an RSC feature.
  The rubrik_gcp_permissions data source can be used with the
  google_project_iam_custom_role resource and the permissions field of the
  rubrik_gcp_project resource to automatically update the permissions of roles
  and notify RSC about the updated.
  Permission Groups
  Following is a list of features and their applicable permission groups. These
  are used when specifying the feature.
  CLOUD_NATIVE_ARCHIVAL
  BASIC - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
  feature.ENCRYPTION - Represents the set of permissions required for encryption
  operation.
  CLOUD_NATIVE_PROTECTION
  BASIC - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
  feature.EXPORT_AND_RESTORE - Represents the set of permissions required for export
  and restore operations.FILE_LEVEL_RECOVERY - Represents the set of permissions required for
  file-level recovery operations.
  GCP_SHARED_VPC_HOST
  BASIC - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
  feature.
  EXOCOMPUTE
  BASIC - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
  feature.AUTOMATED_NETWORKING_SETUP - Represents the set of permissions required
  for automated networking setup. When automated networking setup is enabled,
  RSC is responsible for creating and maintaining the networking resources for
  Exocompute. See the rubrik_gcp_exocompute resource for more information.
  -> Note: When permission groups are specified, the BASIC permission group
  is always required .
  -> Note: Due to backward compatibility, the features field allow the
  feature names to be given in 3 different styles: EXAMPLE_FEATURE_NAME,
  example-feature-name or example_feature_name. The recommended style is
  EXAMPLE_FEATURE_NAME as it is what the RSC API itself uses.
---

# rubrik_gcp_permissions (Data Source)

The `rubrik_gcp_permissions` data source is used to access information about
the permissions required by RSC for an RSC feature.

The `rubrik_gcp_permissions` data source can be used with the
`google_project_iam_custom_role` resource and the `permissions` field of the
`rubrik_gcp_project` resource to automatically update the permissions of roles
and notify RSC about the updated.

## Permission Groups
Following is a list of features and their applicable permission groups. These
are used when specifying the feature.

`CLOUD_NATIVE_ARCHIVAL`
  * `BASIC` - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
    feature.
  * `ENCRYPTION` - Represents the set of permissions required for encryption
    operation.

`CLOUD_NATIVE_PROTECTION`
  * `BASIC` - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
    feature.
  * `EXPORT_AND_RESTORE` - Represents the set of permissions required for export
    and restore operations.
  * `FILE_LEVEL_RECOVERY` - Represents the set of permissions required for
    file-level recovery operations.

`GCP_SHARED_VPC_HOST`
  * `BASIC` - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
    feature.

`EXOCOMPUTE`
  * `BASIC` - Represents the basic set of permissions required to onboard the
    feature.
  * `AUTOMATED_NETWORKING_SETUP` - Represents the set of permissions required
    for automated networking setup. When automated networking setup is enabled,
    RSC is responsible for creating and maintaining the networking resources for
    Exocompute. See the `rubrik_gcp_exocompute` resource for more information.

-> **Note:** When permission groups are specified, the `BASIC` permission group
   is always required .

-> **Note:** Due to backward compatibility, the `features` field allow the
   feature names to be given in 3 different styles: `EXAMPLE_FEATURE_NAME`,
   `example-feature-name` or `example_feature_name`. The recommended style is
   `EXAMPLE_FEATURE_NAME` as it is what the RSC API itself uses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "rubrik_gcp_permissions" "cloud_native_archival" {
  feature = "CLOUD_NATIVE_ARCHIVAL"
  permission_groups = [
    "BASIC",
    "ENCRYPTION",
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `feature` (String) RSC feature. Note that the feature must be given in the `EXAMPLE_FEATURE_NAME` style. Possible values are `CLOUD_NATIVE_ARCHIVAL`, `CLOUD_NATIVE_PROTECTION`, `GCP_SHARED_VPC_HOST` and `EXOCOMPUTE`.
- `features` (Set of String, Deprecated) RSC features. Possible values are `CLOUD_NATIVE_ARCHIVAL`, `CLOUD_NATIVE_PROTECTION`, `GCP_SHARED_VPC_HOST` and `EXOCOMPUTE`. **Deprecated:** use `feature` instead.
- `permission_groups` (Set of String) Permission groups for the RSC feature. Possible values are `BASIC`, `ENCRYPTION`, `EXPORT_AND_RESTORE`, `FILE_LEVEL_RECOVERY` and `AUTOMATED_NETWORKING_SETUP`.

### Read-Only

- `conditions` (Set of String) Conditions for the permissions with conditions.
- `hash` (String, Deprecated) SHA-256 hash of the permissions, can be used to detect changes to the permissions. **Deprecated:** use `id` instead.
- `id` (String) SHA-256 hash of the required permissions, will be updated as the required permissions changes.
- `permissions` (List of String, Deprecated) Permissions required for the set of RSC features. Includes permissions with conditions. **Deprecated:** use `with_conditions` and `without_conditions` instead.
- `services` (Set of String) GCP services required for the RSC feature.
- `with_conditions` (Set of String) Permissions with conditions required for the RSC feature.
- `without_conditions` (Set of String) Permissions without conditions required for the RSC feature.
