---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "rubrik_aws_exocompute_cluster_attachment Resource - terraform-provider-rubrik"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The rubrik_aws_exocompute_cluster_attachment resource attaches an AWS EKS cluster
  to a customer managed host Exocompute configuration, allowing RSC to use the cluster
  for Exocompute operations.
---

# rubrik_aws_exocompute_cluster_attachment (Resource)

The `rubrik_aws_exocompute_cluster_attachment` resource attaches an AWS EKS cluster
to a customer managed host Exocompute configuration, allowing RSC to use the cluster
for Exocompute operations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "rubrik_aws_exocompute_cluster_attachment" "attachment" {
  cluster_name  = "my-eks-cluster"
  exocompute_id = rubrik_aws_exocompute.host.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_name` (String) AWS EKS cluster name. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `exocompute_id` (String) RSC exocompute configuration ID (UUID). Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

### Optional

- `token_refresh` (Number) To force a refresh of the authentication token, part of the connection command and manifest, increase the value of this field. The token is valid for 24 hours.

### Read-Only

- `connection_command` (String) Kubernetes `kubectl` command used to create a connection between the cluster and RSC. See `manifest` for an alternative connection method.
- `connection_command_executed` (Boolean) Whether the connection command has been executed or the manifest has been applied.
- `id` (String) RSC cluster ID (UUID).
- `manifest` (String) Kubernetes manifest which can be passed to `kubectl apply` to create a connection between the cluster and RSC. See `connection_command` for an alternative connection method.
- `setup_yaml` (String, Deprecated) Kubernetes manifest which can be passed to `kubectl apply` to create a connection between the cluster and RSC. See `connection_command` for an alternative connection method. **Deprecated:** use `manifest` instead.
